<br/>
UNIX is simple. But It just needs a genius to understand its simplicity.<br/>
    UNIX很简单。但需要有一定天赋的人才能理解这种简单。<br/>
--Dennis Ritchie<br/>
<br/>
Before software can be reusable, it first has to be usable.<br/>
    软件在能够复用前必须先能用。<br/>
--Ralph Johnson<br/>
<br/>
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.
<br/>
    优秀的判断力来自经验，但经验来自于错误的判断。<br/>
--Fred Brooks<br/>
<br/>
Theory is when you know something, but it doesn't work.<br/>
Practice is when something works, but you don't know why it works.<br/>
Programmers combine theory and practice: Nothing works and they don't<br/>
know why.<br/>
    理论是你知道是这样，但它却不好用。实践是它很好用，但你不知道是为什么。<br/>
    程序员将理论和实践结合到一起：既不好用，也不知道是为什么。<br/>
<br/>
It's hard enough to find an error in your code when you're looking for it;<br/>
it's even harder when you've assumed your code is error-free.<br/>
    当你想在你的代码中找到一个错误时，这很难；当你认为你的代码是不会<br/>
    有错误时，这就更难了。<br/>
-Steve McConnell Code Complete<br/>
<br/>
If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the<br/>
first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.<br/>
    如果建筑工人盖房子的方式跟程序员写程序一样，那第一只飞来的啄木鸟就<br/>
    将毁掉人类文明。<br/>
-Gerald Weinberg<br/>
<br/>
The Six Phases of a Project:<br/>
Enthusiasm<br/>
Disillusionment<br/>
Panic<br/>
Search for the Guilty<br/>
Punishment of the Innocent<br/>
Praise for non-participants<br/>
<br/>
    项目开发的六个阶段：<br/>
    充满热情<br/>
    醒悟<br/>
    痛苦<br/>
    找出罪魁祸首<br/>
    惩罚无辜<br/>
    褒奖闲人<br/>
<br/>
Good code is its own best documentation. As you're about to add a comment,<br/>
ask yourself, 'How can I improve the code so that this comment isn't<br/>
needed?'<br/>
Improve the code and then document it to make it even clearer.<br/>
    优秀的代码是它自己最好的文档。当你考虑要添加一个注释时，问问自己，<br/>
    “如何能改进这段代码，以让它不需要注释？”<br/>
--Steve McConnell Code Complete<br/>
<br/>
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are sure and the<br/>
intelligent are full of doubt.<br/>
    我们这个世界的一个问题是，蠢人信誓旦旦，智人满腹狐疑。<br/>
--Bertrand Russell<br/>
<br/>
No matter how slick (efficient) the demo is in rehearsal,<br/>
when you do it in front of a live audience<br/>
the probability of a flawless presentation<br/>
is inversely proportional to the number of people watching,<br/>
raised to the power of the amount of money involved.<br/>
    无论在排练中演示是如何的顺利(高效)，当面对真正的现场观众时，出现错误的<br/>
    可能性跟在场观看的人数成正比。<br/>
<br/>
One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that,<br/>
lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of<br/>
their C programs.<br/>
    罗马帝国崩溃的一个主要原因是，没有0，他们没有有效的方法表示他们的C程序<br/>
    成功的终止。<br/>
--Robert Firth<br/>
<br/>
Fifty years of programming language research and we end up with C++?<br/>
--Richard A. O'Keefe<br/>
<br/>
C programmers never die. They are just cast into void.<br/>
    C程序员永远不会灭亡。他们只是cast成了void。<br/>
<br/>
If debugging is the process of removing bugs,<br/>
then programming must be the process of putting them in.<br/>
    如果debugging是一种消灭bug的过程，那编程就一定是把bug放进去的过程。<br/>
--Edsger Dijkstra<br/>
<br/>
You can either have software quality or you can have pointer arithmetic;<br/>
you cannot have both at the same time.<br/>
    你要么要软件质量，要么要指针算法；两者不可兼得。<br/>
--(Bertrand Meyer)<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
(Thoughtful Ones...)<br/>
<br/>
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third works.<br/>
    有两种方法能写出没有错误的程序；但只有第三种好用。<br/>
--Alan J. Perlis<br/>
<br/>
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring<br/>
aircraft building progress by weight.<br/>
    用代码行数来测评软件开发进度，就相对于用重量来计算飞机建造进度。<br/>
--Bill Gates<br/>
<br/>
The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development<br/>
time.<br/>
The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the<br/>
development time.<br/>
    最初的90%的代码用去了最初90%的开发时间。余下的10%的代码用掉另外90%的<br/>
    开发时间。<br/>
--Tom Cargill<br/>
<br/>
Programmers are in a race with the Universe to create bigger and better<br/>
idiot-proof programs<br/>
The Universe is trying to create bigger and better idiots.<br/>
So far the Universe is winning.<br/>
    程序员和上帝打赌要开发出更大更好——傻瓜都会用的软件。而上帝却总能创造出<br/>
    更大更傻的傻瓜。所以，上帝总能赢。<br/>
--Anon<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
